Redesign the /admin/dashboard page to use a clean, scrollable table view instead of stacked cards. Each row should represent one tournament with sortable columns, search/filter functionality, and expandable session details. Only use checkpoints if necessary. Do not finish until visually confirmed working."

🔧 DETAILS TO IMPLEMENT
✅ 1. Table Layout (1 row per tournament)

Replace the card stack with a <table> containing the following columns:

Tournament: tournament name and date
Start Date: show start_date
Attending: show total count — make this a clickable link that opens a modal or expandable view of attendees
Open to Meet: count of users open to meeting
Lanyards: total users who ordered lanyards
Sessions: include a "View" toggle to expand or collapse session breakdowns per tournament
Export: button or link to download lanyard CSV for that tournament
Email Tools: two buttons per row — one for “Send Reminder” and one for “Send Welcome”
Use a clean table layout (<thead>, <tbody>) styled for admin use (desktop-first, mobile responsive second).

✅ 2. Sortable Columns

Implement sorting (ASC/DESC toggle) when the admin clicks on:

Start Date
Attending
Lanyards
Optional: use JavaScript or server-side sort depending on existing stack.

✅ 3. Search & Filter

Above the table, add:

A search input that filters by tournament name
Optional dropdowns:
Filter by date range
Filter: Has attendees / Has lanyards
✅ 4. Expandable Sessions View

Each row has a Sessions column with a button or chevron icon (🔽). When clicked:

Expand inline or pop up a modal showing:
List of sessions (day + label)
Number of attendees per session
Percent of total
Close on click again.

✅ 5. Bulk Actions Toolbar (Above the Table)

Add a floating or fixed bar with:

Export All Lanyards (CSV)
Send All Welcome Emails
Send All Reminder Emails
These should apply to all tournaments listed — make sure not to duplicate logic already present in per-tournament exports or emails.

✅ 6. Sticky Table Header

Ensure <thead> stays visible while scrolling through many tournaments using CSS or JS:

thead th {
  position: sticky;
  top: 0;
  background: white;
  z-index: 2;
}
✅ 7. Don’t Touch

Do not change any non-admin views
Do not remove existing email logic or export backends
This change is purely for /admin/dashboard layout and UX improvement