Please implement the following homepage and mobile updates in order. Only use checkpoints if absolutely necessary.

🔧 1. Fix mobile hamburger menu toggle

Make the hamburger icon toggle the menu open and closed on tap.
📝 2. Homepage Hero Edits

Replace the large hero headline “See You at the Changeover” with:
“Tennis is better together.”
🧹 3. Remove and Merge Sections

Remove the “How It Works” header from the homepage (it’s being consolidated).
Merge the “How It Works” and “Why Join?” sections into one refined “Why Join CourtSide Club?” section with these tiles:
1. See Who’s Going
   Know which fans are attending the same matches.

2. Meetups Made Simple
   Link up at the right place, at the right time.

3. No Group Chats Needed
   Skip the chaos — connect with fans directly.
🔗 4. Make Homepage Tournaments Clickable

Each card in the “Upcoming Tournaments” homepage section should link to its individual tournament page.
Below the section, add a link:
Browse all tournaments → (links to /tournaments)
🎯 5. Lanyard Section Tweaks

Set a max image height on mobile (e.g., max-height: 250px) with object-fit: cover.
Update the text to:
Get Your CourtSide Club Lanyard
Easily spot and connect with other members at tournaments using our official lanyard.
📣 6. Add “Our Mission” Section

Just above the homepage footer, add:
Our Mission
CourtSide Club exists to make tennis tournaments more social, welcoming, and unforgettable. Whether you're traveling solo or with friends, we help fans connect, meet up, and create match-day memories together.
📁 7. Add Menu Item: About

Add “About” to the public site’s menu.
Create a new /about route and page.
For now, just render the same mission text as above on that page.
🧼 8. Clean Up the Existing “How It Works” Page

Remove all images from the current /how-it-works page.
Update the step descriptions to the following:
1. Join CourtSide Club  
   Sign up with your email. It’s fast, free, and takes 30 seconds.

2. Pick Your Tournaments  
   Tell us which sessions you’re going to — day, night, or both.

3. Get Your Lanyard  
   We’ll ship you a free lanyard so other members can spot you instantly.

4. Meet Up IRL  
   Your lanyard signals you're open to connecting. Say hey, grab a drink, or just share the vibes.
📱 9. Fix “Browse Tournaments” Table on Mobile

Ensure “Type” and “Attending” columns are visible on mobile
If they’re being hidden by CSS, remove the mobile display: none rule
Reduce font size and padding in the table on small screens
E.g., font-size: 14px, padding: 6px
📆 10. Display Dates Differently for Mobile/Desktop

Use two <span> elements for dates:
<span class="desktop-date">June 16, 2025</span>
<span class="mobile-date">Jun 16</span>
Add CSS to toggle visibility:
@media (max-width: 600px) {
  .desktop-date { display: none; }
}
@media (min-width: 601px) {
  .mobile-date { display: none; }
}
