Complete and polish the /admin/lanyard page to fully support lanyard fulfillment operations. This includes alert logic, summary stats, an interactive and sortable table, tracking support, and address handling. Only use checkpoints if necessary. Do not finish until all features below are implemented and visually confirmed."

✅ Features to Implement:
1. Page and Navigation Label
Change sidebar label from "Export Lanyards" to just "Lanyards"
Page title should remain "Lanyard Fulfillment"
2. Summary Stats
At the top of the page, display:

✅ Total lanyards ordered
✅ Number sent
✅ Number pending
3. Urgent Alert for Upcoming Tournament
If today's date is within 9 days of the next tournament's start, and users attending that tournament haven’t been sent a lanyard, show a red alert box:
🚨 4 users have not been sent a lanyard and are attending the next tournament: Madrid Open (starts Apr 28)
Clicking the alert should filter the table to only show those users
4. Main Fulfillment Table
Columns to include:

Field	Notes
User Name	From User model
Email	From User model
City/State/Zip	From ShippingAddress — just show high-level info in table
View Full Address	Small icon/button that opens a modal with full address
First Tournament	From UserTournament — show the first upcoming tournament
Other Tournaments	Show names of other upcoming tournaments (comma-separated)
Lanyard Sent	Checkbox that updates User.lanyard_sent = True
Sent Date	Display User.lanyard_sent_date if available
Internal Note	Editable freeform text field (saved per user)
5. Lanyard Sent Logic
When checkbox is clicked:
Set User.lanyard_sent = True
Set User.lanyard_sent_date = datetime.utcnow()
✅ Add logic to show a banner in the user’s dashboard:
“🎾 Your lanyard has been mailed! Look out for it before your next tournament.”
6. Bulk Actions
Above the table:

✅ "Mark All Filtered as Sent" (applies to current visible rows)
✅ "Export Visible Rows (CSV)"
7. Table Features
✅ Sortable by:
Name
Lanyard Sent
First Tournament (by date)
✅ Search/filter:
Show only unsent
Filter by tournament (optional dropdown)
8. CSV Export
Export includes:

Name
Email
Full shipping address
First tournament
Lanyard Sent status
Sent date
Internal note
9. General Requirements
All functionality must be mobile-friendly and match current admin styling
Do not break any existing /admin/tournaments/<slug> or dashboard pages
Only use checkpoints if necessary
Do not finish until fully tested and confirmed working